= FLAUNT

HOMEPAGE: http://ippa.se/flaunt
REPO AND DOCS: http://github.com/ippa/flaunt

Minimalistic, simple slide based presentation "framework" powered by Sinatra 1.0+ and jQuery!
Supports ERB, Haml, Markdown, Textile and all other formats that Sinatra (through Tilt) supports.
Keep your whole presentation in one file, but still get slide-functionality with progress meeter etc.


* Supports just about every template engine there is
* Just put <hr> in your presentation and the content between them will become separate slides each one filling the whole browser window
* Rack-mountable, summon all your presentations on one page like this: http://ippa.se/presentations
* Dynamic text-resizing
* Left / right arrow keys to change slide. + / - to resize presentation text.

== SPEED INSTALL
  git clone http://github.com/ippa/flaunt
  cd flaunt/presentations
  mdkir my_presentation
  edit my_presentation/index.erb  # ... or index.haml or index.textile or index.md, see bundled examples.
  cd ..
  rackup                # and point your browser to http://localhost:9292/ (or replace "localhost" with the real host)


== MOUNT AS A RACK/SINATRA APP
Flaunt is a mountable sinatra app, which opens up for easy hosting of all your presentations in one place.
For example, in your main config.ru put:
  
  require 'flaunt/application'    # This requires the flaunt-dir to be put in the same dir as your main config.ru
  map "/presentations" do         # All url's starting with /presentations will be handled by flaunt
    run Flaunt
  end

Now you'll get a list like this on your domain: http://ippa.se/presentations


== EXAMPLE PRESENTATIONS

=== Textile

  h1. Flaunt does Textile
  * foo
  * foo
  * foo

  <hr />

  h1. Page #2
  * bar
  * bar
  * bar

=== Markdown
  
  Flaunt does Markdown
  ====================
  * foo
  * foo
  * foo

  <hr />

  Page #2
  ====================
  * bar
  * bar
  * bar

=== HAML
  %h1= "Flaunt does HAML"
  %ul
    %li= "foo" 
    %li= "foo"
    %li= "foo"
  
  %hr

  %h1= "Page #2"
  %ul
    %li= "bar" 
    %li= "bar"
    %li= "bar"

=== ORDINARY HTML / ERB
  <h1>Flaunt does HTML</h1>
  <ul>
    <li>foo</li>
    <li>foo</li>
    <li>foo</li>
  </ul>
  
  <hr />

  <h1>Page #2</h1>
  <ul>
    <li>bar</li>
    <li>bar</li>
    <li>bar</li>
  </ul>


The only thing You need to remember is to separate each slide by a <hr /> so Flaunt can detect and show one slide at a time.

